— Maybe you're thickening, eh, Associate Professor? I looked at his serious face. — It's not really possible to rework everything on such a scale?
— Eh, Pyotr Alekseich! — he waved his hand ruefully — Do you know that most Americans are convinced that they were the first to go into space!?
Some even believe that Russia and Germany fought together against America in World War II. And what kind of Ukrainians cast bullets?
After all, look, a new historical reality is being formed before our eyes!
We talked for a long time then. Not to say that he directly revealed the greatest truths to me, but since then I have become more attentive to the "indisputable statements of authoritative people", "irrefutable historical facts", I have not been lazy to work with information, compare different sources, and think with my own head, and listen to knowledgeable people if something is unclear.
I got hooked on smart books, and began to read philosophers. And here's my, purely personal opinion! World history, in the form in which it is presented to us, is complete bullshit! Take a closer look, read, think — there is also a "piano on the piano".
A hundred years — sometimes there are still living witnesses, there are still too many written sources, pictorial and material evidence, people who are interested in this have not yet had time to distort reality in the direction they need.
A thousand years — and we are already beginning to wallow in a viscous swamp of guesses and assumptions. Dates and events are beginning to hang in the "air" with us. As the clearest example — the Battle of Kulikovo!
One of the fundamental events for Russian statehood. We seemed to know everything about it. When, who, up to numerous personalities, why, how it ended!
But we still don't know where? WHERE?!!! Where is the place where not a lot, not a little, but seventy thousand soldiers converged, so that within a few hours a third of them would die there! There is no answer.
Ten thousand years — terra incognita. We certainly know something. Specialists, I'm sure, even more than something. The only trouble is that they can't agree among themselves.
Fifty thousand years — we know there was a man. Hallelujah!